Limited Edition T-Shirt and stickers for your laptop

Hacktoberfest 2019 Swag List
There are many companies giving out free swag for Hacktoberfest!

Accord Project
Swag: T-shirt, stickers
Requirements: Create pull requests on Accord Project’s participating repositories, issues in those repos will be labeled different difficulty level (Starter, Medium, Challenging).
1 Challenging or 2 Medium or 5 Starter accepted PRs: T-shirt and stickers
2 accepted PRs across any difficulty level: stickers

Adobe
Swag: T-shirt, other swags
Requirements: Create five or more Pull Requests on any of Adobe or Magento repositories.

Appwrite
Swag: Stickers, magnets, buttons
Requirements: Create one or more merged pull requests on any of Appwrite repos.

Aqua Security
Swag: Stickers, t-shirts, books
Requirements:
1 pull request: our superhero sticker pack.
3 pull requests: our superhero sticker pack, and a special edition Aqua Hacktoberfest t-shirt.
5 pull requests: our superhero sticker pack, a special edition Aqua Hacktoberfest t-shirt, and the “Kubernetes Security” book.

CircleCI
Swag: T-shirt, sticker
Requirements:
1 - 3 pull requests: sticker
4+ pull requests: T-shirt

Coding Blocks
Swag: T-shirt, stickers, bag
Requirements:
1+ merged pull requests: Stickers and T-shirt
5+ merged pull requests: Wildcraft bag

Datenanfragen.de e. V.
Swag: At least 3 stickers and maybe a T-shirt
Requirements:
eligible repositories include all repos of the datenanfragen organization and all listed here
1 merged pull request to get at least 3 stickers (limited to 100 sets)
T-shirts are given to 10 people drawn from the contributors

Devfolio
Swag: T-shirt, stickers
Requirements: Get at least four pull requests merged into any projects from react-otp-input, devfolio-gatsby-starter, react-intl-tel-input or scrroll-in to win stickers and for four exceptional pull requests get a chance to earn their LIMITED EDITION T-shirts!

Flutterwave.com
Swag: T-shirt
Requirements: Contribute two or more merged PRs to any of flutterwave.com community libraries

Globo.com
Swag: T-shirt
Requirements: Create at least one or more merged pull requests on any of globo.com repos.

Hasura
Swag: T-shirt, stickers
Requirements:
Open pull request for any of Hasura open source projects: Sticker Pack
One or more pull requests with Hacktoberfest label gets merged: T-shirt and Sticker Pack

JabRef
Swag: Sticker, T-shirt
Requirements: Merged PR to any repositories under jabref GitHub org. The PR must be at least raised in October 2019 and you should not be inactive for seven days or more during code review.
1 merged pull request: sticker
5 merged pull requests: T-shirt

Jenkins
Swag: limited edition swag, stickers and t-shirts as well.
Requirements: PR to any repositories under featured repositories. The PR must be at least raised in October 2019 and you should not be inactive for seven days or more during code review. Guaranteed Swag for Top 20 contributors, and rest is to be decided. Check the announcement on the blog.

LadybugTools
Swag: Stickers
Requirements: Contribute 1 or more PRs to any hacktoberfest labelled issues.

LBRY
Swag: Sticker, LBRY T-shirt*, and more
Requirements:
Contribution anything at all will receive a LBRY sticker.
Contributes anything of any substance* will receive a sticker, LBRY T-shirt, and more.

Legesher
Swag: Special-edition stickers, a letter
Requirements: Create one or more Pull Requests on any of Legesher listed repositories.

Les-Tilleuls.coop
Swag: T-shirt
Requirements: Create at least 3 PRs to API Platform repositories during October.

MayaData
Swag: Stickers, T-shirt, laptop
Requirements: Contribute to either OpenEBS or Litmus, the best PR submission will win a Laptop.
